# becomeAmillionaire
The bank has an account for those who want to become a millionaire – you deposit a sum of money once, select a guaranteed interest rate for growth, then you can’t touch the money until it grows to a million dollars. You know the starting value, the ending value ($1 million), and the rate of growth, but you don’t know how long it will take to reach that value. The money grows in cycles using compound interest. The account balance will grow using compound interest – the amount of growth is added to the balance, and that new balance will be used to calculate the next amount of growth. That is, if the account balance is $25, and the interest rate is 10%, then the account will add 10% of $25 ($2.50) to the balance (25 + 2.50 = $27.50). In the next iteration through the loop, that new balance of $27.50 will grow by 10%. A cycle can be a year, a month, a day – that detail isn’t important here, just that the account grows by compound interest in each cycle.  Create a project that asks the user how much money they will deposit and what interest rate they choose. In the program, use a loop to calculate the growth in the account balance, and keep track of the number of iterations. When the balance is at least $1,000,000, end the loop and print out how many cycles it took to reach that sum. Include a message about how many cycles it takes to reach the sum of $100,000 as well. This message should only print once, not every time the account balance is greater than $100,000. (Hint: use a Boolean variable to determine if you are still searching for that balance or have already found it and printed the message.)
